In the last lesson
We've created our first vue js component
registered it in vue component syntax
and call it in show.blade.php and _answer.blade.php
file. So component basically is
a piece of code that can reuse throughout the application.
Now in this lesson we are going to create another
vue component that represent an answer.
This component might be more complex than our first one
because this component will change how the answers
behave.
So in every single answer we will
show the answer body by default.
And when we click the edit button instead of showing the
edit answer form in other page we will show in inline form
and we will implement AJAX to persist the change.
So this lesson could be divided into three parts or more.
All right before we move on let's switch over to our terminal
and create a new branch to isolate our work.
Now let's go to the _answer.blade.php
And here we have can update answer and can delete
answer which basically checked if the current user
authorized to update or delete
answer. That means we also need to think how to make
this authorization working when we rewrite all of these
into vue js component.
Later we will rewrite the authorization logic into javascript.
But for now the temporary solution is to utilize vue js inline template.
This allows us to mix our php and javascript logic in a component.
So let's see how to do that.
Let's go to assets js components and here let's create a new file.
Let's call it  answer.vue
For now we only need to define script tag
and inside here we only define props property.
and it contains answer.
Next let's register this component globally in app.js.
Duplicate this line
change the component name to answer and
then change the pathname to components
Answer.vue
Now we can switch to _answer.blade.php
and wrap everything inside answer tag
pass in the answer instance through answer attribute
and here we need to tell vue js that
this component is inline template
So by doing this we keep our php logic inside our markup.
And if we need to add other logics in client side to make
our  component more interactive then we can
write the code in answer.vue. Alright
let's  save all changes and have a look.
Don't forget to run webpack
throught npm run watch to bundle our code
again we'll not see any difference but if we open vue dev tools
here we'll see the answer components below root
component  and inside answer component
we'll find user info component.